you want to lose five kilos you should
control your portions so you do not eat
excess and load with calories
additional
you must keep this in mind when you go
to buy prepare and eat your food
and you will see the kilos disappear
below I will give you five tips that
can certainly help you lose 5
kilos or more the right way 1 eat
a nutritionally balanced breakfast
breakfast is the most important meal
of the day if you skip breakfast or
you just take a muffin
get to your work before your body
will enter the starvation mode or
storage of fat and you can upload
weighs a breakfast nutritiously
balanced with whole grains milk
of soy a whole egg and some fruits
keep your breakfast with around 400
calories and energy 2 replaces the cream
of coffee with soy milk a cup of
coffee in the morning can lift your
metabolism and help you lose 5 kilos
if you fill it to the top with cream
coffee or half and half are you adding one
significant amount of calories
empty
and fat in your coffee the best replacement
for the coffee cream is undoubtedly the
Soya milk gives it the same flavor
creamy to your coffee with only 10 or 15
additional calories you will also get
an extra dose of nutrition when
you use soy milk instead of your
usual cream 3 as non-fat yogurt
to lose 5 kilos the non-fat yogurt
It generally does not contain more than 100
calories the cultivation of probiotics in the
yogurt helps regulate the bowel
produces an acceleration in the passage of
the food by the intestines and
promotes a faster metabolism
ingest skim yogurt one hour before
of food is a great way to
increase your energy level and suppress
the appetite for lunch so that
you get the best results, your
yogurt with a handful of berries and some
pieces of melon these fruits are rich
in vitamins and fibers to keep you
full and satisfied 4 very careful with
your sauces the heavy sauces are the
perfect enemy for weight loss
they are loaded with calories and they are not
Nutrients comparable to fats
the oil the salt and the sugar do not use
never bread to absorb the creams or
sauces and never mix your salad with
heavy dressing uses a fork a couple of
chopsticks when you eat extra sauce for
that run off you can save more than
100 calories per meal and drain is the
sauce and therefore lose 5 kilos or
plus 5 enjoy the rich fruits in
Instead of sugary fruit desserts
they have a natural sweet taste and they are
full of nutrition a piece of fruit
generally does not exceed 100
calories some fruits like melons
the plums the strawberries and papaya are
especially useful to lose five
kilos you should treat yourself with these
fruits in the form of snacks or
replace them with your desserts after
dinner
you will remember hundreds of calories and
you will increase your metabolism to the same
time as a result you can lose 5
kilos or more really want if
you need to lose weight you have to
visit the following link where you find
the powerful techniques and tricks
to do it quickly visit the
link found here
and below in the description of this video
right now